= DVKit - An IDE for Design Verification Engineers =

Design Verification (DV) engineers are responsible for developing and maintaining a myriad of
files in a myriad of HVL, software, and script languages. A typical project might use PERL scripts
at the top level, Makefiles beneath, to control a verification environment composed of SystemVerilog
and C/C++ code. Meanwhile, tool scripts might be implemented in TCL.

DVKit provides an Eclipse-based integrated development environment (IDE) with support for 
editing common files used in a design verification environment. DVKit packages the following 
Eclipse plugins to provide a easily-installed solution for design verification development:


== Installing DVKit ==
DVKit can be installed by downloading one of the prebuilt packages. Pre-build packages are
currently provided for:

* 32-bit Windows installer
* 64-bit Windows installer
* 32-bit Windows zip file
* 64-bit Windows zip file
* 32-bit .deb
* 64-bit .deb
* 32-bit Linux tar.gz
* 64-bit Linux tar.gz

All packages can be obtained from the Files area on the DVKit Sourceforge project:




== Contributing to DVKit ==
Currently DVKit is a collection of unmodified Eclipse plug-ins. 

* Request inclusion of your favorite Eclipse plug-in
* File bugs with the build

In the future, DVKit aspires to provide DV-specific extensions to
language-editing plug-ins. Please request such extension, such as:
* Content assist in the shell-script editor for common EDA tool commands
* Content assist in the TCL editor for common EDA script commands

DVKit is looking for Java- and Eclipse-savy developers. If you're interesting
in collaborating, contact us!



